docs: Add security policy file (#170)
ReVanced/revanced-api: SECURITY.md

         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032213-faf25ab8-0bc3-4a94-a730-b524c96df124.png" />
      </picture>
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://x.com/revancedapp">
      <picture>
         <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270180600-7c1b38bf-889b-4d68-bd5e-b9d86f91421a.png">
         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270108715-d80743fa-b330-4809-b1e6-79fbdc60d09c.png" />
      </picture>
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@ReVanced">
      <picture>
         <source height="24px" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032714-c51c7492-0666-44ac-99c2-f003a695ab50.png" />
         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032714-c51c7492-0666-44ac-99c2-f003a695ab50.png" />
     </picture>
   </a>
   <br>
   <br>
   Continuing the legacy of Vanced
</p>

# 🔒 Security Policy

> This document describes how to report security vulnerabilities for ReVanced Manager.

Reviewer: Needs to be updated

Author: ```suggestion
This document describes how to report security vulnerabilities for ReVanced API.
```

## 🚨 Reporting a Vulnerability

> Please open an issue in our [advisory tracker](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/security/advisories/new) or reach out privately to us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/revanced).

Author: ```suggestion
Please open an issue in our [advisory tracker](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-api/security/advisories/new) or reach out privately to us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/revanced).
```

> Please open an issue in our [advisory tracker](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/security/advisories/new) or reach out privately to us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/revanced).

Author: Whoops, I forgor about that.

> If a vulnerability is confirmed and accepted, you can join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/revanced) server to receive a special contributor role.

Reviewer: How about instead reserving a security@revanced.app mail? This way you are not bound by service

Author: Sounds like a great idea, we can do that if the email is setup _(or is it already setup, if it is, lmk!)_

Author: Resolved @ 81fd26ae55e3416f31146d58b26ac7b87659b2af

### ⏳ Supported Versions

| Version                                                                                                  | Branch      | Supported          |
| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- | ------------------ |

> | ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-latest-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)             | dev         | :white_check_mark: |

Reviewer: Maybe the main branch should be added as well

Author: ```suggestion
| ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-latest-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)             | dev         | :white_check_mark: |
| ![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-latest-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)             | main        | :white_check_mark: |
```

         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032213-faf25ab8-0bc3-4a94-a730-b524c96df124.png" />
      </picture>
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://x.com/revancedapp">
      <picture>
         <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270180600-7c1b38bf-889b-4d68-bd5e-b9d86f91421a.png">
         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270108715-d80743fa-b330-4809-b1e6-79fbdc60d09c.png" />
      </picture>
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@ReVanced">
      <picture>
         <source height="24px" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032714-c51c7492-0666-44ac-99c2-f003a695ab50.png" />
         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032714-c51c7492-0666-44ac-99c2-f003a695ab50.png" />
     </picture>
   </a>
   <br>
   <br>
   Continuing the legacy of Vanced
</p>

# 🔒 Security Policy

This document describes how to report security vulnerabilities for ReVanced API.

## 🚨 Reporting a Vulnerability

> Please open an issue in our [advisory tracker](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-api/security/advisories/new) or reach out privately to us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/revanced).

Author: ```suggestion
Please open an issue in our [advisory tracker](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-api/security/advisories/new) or reach out privately to us at security@revanced.app
```
